# Minutes December 2019 OWASP Portland Leadership Committee

## Welcome 

### Committee Organization Overview - David Quisenberry

Covering committee's focuses and leaders
First study night happened and went well, trying to be a more hands on workshop/event
Cara Tang will co-chair the Mentorship Committee if we can find another co-chair to work with her

## Committee Updates

### Membership and Community Outreach - John Whiteman

- Membership feedback/insights
- Community feedback/insights/opportunities/leads
- Where could use help

Kick off meeting happened on November 25th to figure out goals
8 new Twitter Followers
542 Meetup Followers
57 attendees at last chapter meeting
LinkedIn group now at 123 members
Google Groups/mailing list now at 98 members
Planning to reach out to folks who may be interested to ask what they want to see
Considering doing a survey to ask membership for interests but not sure how much participation we would see
Looking at other local user groups, individuals, and other local organizations
Going to start tracking the other groups/meetups and figure out which ones make sense to work with
Engaging with other meetups/communities locally and build relationships with them
A call for all ideas and suggestions about other groups we can connect with and other ideas about how to promote our chapter
Want to make more use of Twitter
Want to do more with Meetup.com, including pre and post meetup photos - this also helps give back something to our venue sponsors
Trying to look more at metrics to find out what's working and what isn't 
A call for volunteers to help engage the external Portland community to help out the goals of the committee 

### Chapter Meetings - Kendra Ash

- November chapter meeting feedback
- Upcoming chapter meetings
- Where could use help

Kickoff meeting happened last month. David and Ian are helping with this committee.
Looking for a January speaker - looking for someone to do an intro to Burp and ZAP
Looking for speakers from June 2020 onwards - have speakers lined up February through May 2020 already
Trying to make sure our speaker lineup is diverser
Have a potential digital forensics speaker from Intel and a potential speaker from Nike
Derek is going to be able to help out more in January and will reach out to Tanya Janca
We're continuing to solicit speaker
Looking for more venues if possible - currently rotating through New Relic, Zapproved, and Vacasa
Looking at Incom and they might host and sponsor 
David has a call Thursday about the February CMD+CTRL CTF we're planning to host in February

### Study Night - Allison Naaktgeboren

- December study night kickoff
- Upcoming study nights
- Where could use help

Had 1st one
About 50% of the RSVP's actually showed up 
Symbols didn't export to all systems successfully
Looking for someone for January - Jordan volunteered but we need to confirm with her
Have 1st Tuesday at Ctrl-H booked for January
Ray from Cambia is lined up for February
A place to practice giving a talk or presenting in front of a group 
Speak up if you or other folks are interested in speaking or participating

### Training Day - Katie Feucht

- 2020 training day goals discussion
- 1st Quarter training day activities
- Where could use help

Focused on getting everyone access to the Google Drive, Slack channel etc. 
Hard to expand by a lot with current committee size 
Expanding and changing venues seems a lot to do both at once
Also looking for volunteers to join to help plan
Goal is to have venue locked down by end of December so we can send the sponsor list in January
This allows us us to get all the funding etc. locked down early 
Want to get more diverse and higher profile speaker
Katie's proposal is to plan for a possible larger 2021 event while we plan a similar size/scope 2020 event
We would need to scout a new venue before the end of the year in order to change this year 
The 2020 docs in Google are all set up and ready to go 
Need to find a new mixer venue as Rock Bottom has closed - would like to keep the mixer somewhere closer
to the Training Day venue 
Please get in contact with Katie if you're interested in helping with or have ideas for Training Day
You can suggest ideas without having to fully join the committee as well ! 
Definitely need help on the committee finding trainers and sponsors if we want to expand from last year
Need to finalize date and make sure that there's no other conflict
Date seemed to work pretty well this year and avoided BSides etc
We think keeping it midweek is fine
Katie has 3 potential dates in mind - September 16th, 23rd, 30th

### Mentorship - David Quisenberry

- 2019 mentorship update
- 2020 mentorship kickoff
- Where could use help
  - Finding a committee lead

Cara has agreed to co-chair if we can find another person to co-chair with her
Goal is to do another round in January of mentorships 
David will be contacting previous cohort of mentors/mentees 
David will send a Google form to solicit interest 
This is another committee that needs to grow, lack of interest so far
Long running/slow burning project
Please contact David if you want to help or know anyone that might want to get involved 
with the Mentorship program in 2020

## Governance Updates

### State of the Budget - Benny Zhao

- 2019 Financial Overview
- 2020 Budget Planning (Training Day, Chapter Events, Known Expenditures)

OWASP 2019 Initial Balance	$7,730.92
New 2019 Net Revenue from tickets and sponsors	$11,168.89
Initial 2019 Balance + New 2019 Revenue	$18,899.81
Remaining Balance	$4,989.94

Benny requests if anyone has any reimbursements that haven't happened to let him know, but
we think none are outstanding. Philip will get Benny the exact # for the mixer for 2019 Training Day.

## Chapter Business

### Determine Chapter Meeting Themes for First Six Months 

- Web App Pentesting / CTF
- Cryptography (Brian Ventura / Alexei Kojenov)
- Forensics 
- Compliance
- Cloud Security
- Operations / Monitoring
- Risk
- ????

Want to try to have an intro level presentation one month and then follow that next month with a more advanced
talk next month.

Quiz, John, Kendra will follow up on doing a survey to determine topics for chapter memberships 

### Open Chapter Business Discussion

We will do a call to action via the social media channels and also at the chapter meeting tomorrow !
We will try to highlight the committees and what they're doing and which ones need the most help 
David has been moving a lot of things like contacts, sponsors, etc. into Salesforce
We have 10 seats from the OWASP Foundation
